Pharmacy ETL Pipeline: Step-by-Step Flow
After examining your project, I can see you have a comprehensive ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) pipeline for processing pharmacy data. Here's how the system works:

Project Overview
This is a pharmacy data processing pipeline that:

Generates synthetic pharmacy data (sales, inventory, customers, etc.)
Extracts data from various sources
Transforms and cleans the data
Loads the processed data into a data warehouse
Provides analytics capabilities through dashboards
Step-by-Step Flow
1. Environment Setup
Install Python 3.8+ and dependencies
Set up Apache Spark environment (Java 8+ required)
Configure database connections and data directories
2. Data Generation (Optional)
bash
Run
python -m src.utils.data_generator
Creates synthetic pharmacy data including:
Sales transactions
Inventory records
Customer information
Product data
Prescription records
3. ETL Pipeline Execution
bash
Run
python -m src.main
The pipeline runs through these phases:

a. Extraction Phase
PharmacyDataExtractor pulls data from configured sources
Data is validated during extraction
Performance is monitored if enabled
b. Cleaning Phase
DataCleaner processes each dataset:
Handles missing values
Cleans string columns
Standardizes formats
c. Transformation Phase
DataTransformer creates dimensional model:
Time dimension (from transaction dates)
Customer dimension
Product dimension
Sales fact table
Can run in parallel or sequential mode
d. Loading Phase
DataLoader loads the transformed data to the warehouse
Dimensions are loaded first, then fact tables
Data is stored in the configured warehouse location
4. Performance Monitoring
The PerformanceMonitor tracks execution times
Metrics are logged for each operation
Summary report is generated at the end
5. Analytics Dashboard
bash
Run
cd notebooksjupyter notebook analytics_dashboard.ipynb
Interactive dashboard for data visualization
Features:
Sales monitoring
Product performance analysis
Customer segmentation
Inventory management
Prescription trends
Data Flow Diagram
plaintext

Raw Data Sources → Extraction → Cleaning → Transformation → Loading → Data Warehouse → Analytics Dashboard
Key Components
Configuration (config/config.py):

Defines data directories, database connections, and processing parameters
Main Pipeline (src/main.py):

Orchestrates the entire ETL process
Handles parallel processing and performance monitoring
Data Generators (src/data_generators/):

Creates realistic synthetic data for testing and development
Extraction Components (src/extraction/):

Pulls data from various sources (CSV, databases)
Transformation Logic (src/transformation/):

Cleans and transforms data into a dimensional model
Loading Modules (src/loading/):

Loads processed data into the warehouse
Utilities (src/utils/):

Performance monitoring
Logging
Helper functions
Analytics (notebooks/):

Interactive dashboards for data analysis
Running the Pipeline
Generate data (if needed):

bash
Run
python -m src.utils.data_generator
Run the full pipeline:

bash
Run
python -m src.main
Or run individual components:

bash
Run
python -m src.extraction.run_extractionpython -m src.transformation.run_transformationpython -m src.loading.run_loading
Launch the analytics dashboard:

bash
Run
cd notebooksjupyter notebook analytics_dashboard.ipynb
This pipeline is designed with scalability and performance in mind, featuring parallel processing capabilities, comprehensive error handling, and detailed performance monitoring.
